NMS-14207: Add doc for SCV (#4782)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/admin/scv-configuration.adoc

[[scv-overview]]
= Secure Credentials Vault

Secure Credentials Vault (SCV) can be used to encrypt credentials used by {page-component-title} system.
SCV uses Java Key Store to store credentials in JKS format. SCV is enabled by default on OpenNMS.

== Configuring SCV Password

> SCV password can be configured by using System property `org.opennms.features.scv.jceks.key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Use the System property `org.opennms.features.scv.jceks.key` to configure the SCV password.
```

Keystore file is stored in `${OPENNMS_HOME}/etc` as `scv.jce`.

== Storing credentials in SCV

SCV entries are identified by an `alias`. For each alias, you can store `username`, `password` and a set of key-value pair attributes.  For accessing or adding credentials, navigate to `*UI Preview>Secure Credentials Vault*`.

== Accessing SCV entries

> SCV entries can be accessed from metadata with context 'scv`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access SCV entries from metadata with context `scv`. 
```

For ex: ${scv:juniper-vm:username}
This metadata expression can access username from `juniper-vm` alias.

For ex: ${scv:juniper-vm:password}

> This metadata expression can access password from `juniper-vm` alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This metadata expression can access the password from the `juniper-vm` alias.
```

For ex: ${scv:juniper-vm:user1}

> This metadata expression can access `user1` property from `juniper-vm` alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This metadata expression can access the `user1` property from the `juniper-vm` alias.
```

== Karaf commands

> SCV entries can be updated, accessed from karaf shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can update and access SCV entries from the Karaf shell.
```

[source, karaf]
----
ssh -p 8101 admin@localhost
----

> Once in the shell, you can set credentials from `scv-set` command as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once in the shell, you can set credentials from the `scv-set` command as follows:
```

[source, console]
.Set SCV entries
----
admin@opennms()> scv-set --help
DESCRIPTION
        opennms:scv-set

	Sets and securely store the credentials for the given alias.

SYNTAX
        opennms:scv-set alias username password

ARGUMENTS
        alias
                Alias used to retrieve the credentials.
                (required)
        username
                Username to store.
                (required)
        password
                Password to store.
                (required)
----

> You can also access SCV entries from `scv-get` command as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also access SCV entries from the `scv-get` command as follows:
```
